all new desert bullet but 10 second
healthy dessert maker the dessert bullet
turns ordinary frozen fruits and flavors
into a rich thick creamy delicious
dessert that tastes just like your
favorite ice cream and dessert from the
store but without the added sugar dairy
fat and all those calories with the
dessert bullet you can make over 90
delicious decadent desserts all under
200 calories in 10 seconds or less
watch just start with a frozen banana
then add frozen pineapple and in an
instant you've got the perfect ice cream
texture then in goes some frozen berries
for a delicious strawberry treat then
more frozen banana pecans and finally
some delicious natural chocolate and
just like that you've got three
completely different flavors for a
fabulous banana split that has no
processed sugars no dairy fats it's only
a hundred and seventy-five calories and
made in just ten seconds the dessert
bullet is a breakthrough innovation that
will change the way we eat dessert
forever look at this mouth-watering
chocolate nut sundae it's loaded with
vitamins loaded with nutrients and like
all the amazing desserts made with this
one-of-a-kind machine
it tastes incredible and is actually
good for you with the dessert bullet
there's no delicious nutritious dessert
you can't make look at this decadent
chocolate caramel parfait made from
scratch it's dairy free gluten free and
is only a hundred and ninety-five
calories or what about this refreshing
frozen lemonade made of all-natural
ingredients it tastes better than any
frozen drink you've ever had before but
has no processed sugar and no artificial
colors but the kids will never know the
difference and the next time the kids
asked for ice cream not only can you
make it in seconds but this
old-fashioned shot the dessert like
dozens of other kid favorites made with
the dessert bullet has no processed
sugar no food dyes no dairy fats and no
nasty corn syrup plus they're even
loaded with ingredients that are great
for their digestive system as well as
strengthening their bones and teeth but
tastes like ice cream so again they
taste the difference but you as a parent
will know there is a difference but
here's why kids really love the desert
bullet
look how fast fun and easy it is for
them to make their favorite cones and
the best part is the dessert bullet
takes up no more room on your countertop
and a coffee mug and takes just seconds
to use and seconds to clean watch just
pop your favorite frozen fruit and
flavors into the dessert bullet and your
fabulous nutritious delicious dessert is
ready to enjoy in an instant
then just separate give it a quick rinse
and you're done how easy is that